Update document v2.16.0 (#4662)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: docs/GettingStarted.md

### Error Tracking

`datadog` can automatically report handled errors. The errors are attached through span events to the span in which they are handled. They are also directly reported to Error Tracking.

#### Requirements

- Ruby 2.6+. JRuby and TruffleRuby are not supported.
- datadog 2.16.0+.

#### Configuration

You can enable automatic reporting of handled errors using the following environment variables:

| Environment variable | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|
| `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, third-party gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user,third_party,all`. | `nil` |
| `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` | `Array[String]` | A list of comma-separated paths, file names, and gem names for which handled errors will be reported. Possible values are specified below. <br/> For Ruby 3.3 or newer, the location where the error was raised and where it was rescued will be matched. For earlier versions of Ruby, only the location where the error was raised can be matched.  | `[]` |

> Alternatively, you can set error tracking parameters in code with these functions, inside a `Datadog.configure` block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, set error tracking parameters inside a `Datadog.configure` block with these functions:
```

| Environment variable | Type | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|---|

> | `c.error_tracking.handled_errors` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, third-party gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user,third_party,all`. | `nil` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `c.error_tracking.handled_errors` | `String` | Report handled errors from user code, third-party gems, or both. Accepted values are: `user`,`third_party`,`all`. | `nil` |
```

| `c.error_tracking.handled_errors_include` | `Array[String]` | A list of comma-separated paths, file names, and gem names for which handled errors will be reported. Possible values are specified below. <br/> For Ruby 3.3 or newer, the location where the error was raised and where it was rescued will be matched. For earlier versions of Ruby, only the location where the error was raised can be matched.  | `[]` |

> `DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` comma-separated values should be either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DD_ERROR_TRACKING_HANDLED_ERRORS_INCLUDE` should specify one or more of the following:
```

>   * A file name, such as `main`: `main.rb` will be instrumented.
>   * A folder name, such as `mypackage`: Every Ruby file in folders named `mypackage` will be instrumented.
>   * A gem name: Every Ruby file in the gem will be instrumented. Be careful, if you specify, for example `rails`, and you have a subfolder named `rails` in your project, it will also be instrumented.
>   * An absolute path (a path beginning with `/`), for example, `/app/lib/mypackage/main.rb`. If you provide only `/app/lib/mypackage`, every Ruby file in that folder will be instrumented.
>   * A path relative to the current directory (a path beginning with `./`). For example, if you execute your program in `/app/`, you can provide `./lib/mypackage/main.rb`. If you provide a path like `./lib/mypackage/`, every Ruby file in this folder will be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A file name. For example, `main` to instrument `main.rb`.
* A folder name. For example, `mypackage` to instrument every Ruby file in folders named `mypackage`.
* Gem name. For example, `rails` to instruments every Ruby file in the *rails* gem **and** any project subfolder named `rails`.
* Absolute path. For example, `/app/lib/mypackage/main.rb` to instrument that file, or `/app/lib/mypackage/` to instrument every Ruby file in that folder.
* Relative path. For example, for a programming running in the `app` directory, use `./lib/mypackage/main.rb` to instrument the `main.rb` file, or`./lib/mypackage/` to instrument every Ruby file in that folder.
```
